Another cool thing that's available inside of javascript is something referred to as concise method
syntax like usual it's just a fancy name for a simple concept and that is typically whenever we make
a object like for example Konst person equals and then maybe we have a name.
Andrew X. That's a cool name and then we'll do a function.
So would you like say a name and of course we said equal to a function inside of here we is concert
or.
And then we'll do a template literals.
My name is don't forget you comma good grammar.
My name is.
I think that's good grammar substitution.
This name like so.
Man look how nice that is.
We're so we're so modern.
So with that being said there is actually another way to make a function in or a method I should say
inside of this new syntax so instead of doing this what we could do I'm going to copy it essentially
and show it to you put it down here.
Person 2 is instead of doing all this we can just write say name parentheses and then after that I'll
just copy the consulate out loud because there is no sense in copying that or writing it out again I
should say.
So in this case boom like that.
And it does the exact same thing as before.
And whenever we use concise method syntax it just means that we don't have to use a colon and we don't
have to use the function keyword.
So it looks a lot nicer to be honest with you and it's more similar to other programming languages that
you'll run into.
The only real difference here is in the case of say name.
It's essentially a signed an anonymous function.
And in that case that's why we can use it as a function.
Aside from that whenever you use this concise method syntax you have access to the keywords super which
we're going to talk about a little later when we talk about prototypes and things like that.
So whenever you don't use concise method syntax you won't have access to the keywords super But if you
do use this new syntax you will have access to the key word super which we'll talk about later but once
again just another syntax optimizer.